There they are!
There they are! I see them.
‐ Right, Clemont?
‐ 'Absolutely.'
Go right ahead, Dedenne.
You too, Pikachu.
PIKACHU/DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
Wow. It's like
an electric shower.
Awesome, and Pikachu
and Dedenne are loving it.
BONNIE
'I know, right?'
My big brother
invented these all by himself.
Wow, you did?
Yeah, I call them
Clemontic Showers.
CLEMONT
This place hasn't changed a bit.
It takes me back.
‐ 'Clemont?'
‐ Huh?
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE
Huh?
It's really you, Clemont.
Miss Eclairisse.
It's been so long.
‐ Huh?
‐ Who's that?
‐ What's going on?
‐ Huh?
[SURPRISED]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch them all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Campus Reunion."
NARRATOR
As our heroes continue
their journey
to the Coumarine City Gym
they have unexpectedly
crossed paths
with a woman named
Eclairisse.
You see, right now
I'm on a journey
with my little sister
and my friends.
That's wonderful.
Hi. My name's Ash. And this
is my partner, Pikachu.
[EXCITED]
Hi. Nice to meet you.
‐ I'm Serena.
‐ Hi. I'm the little sister.
My name's Bonnie. Dedenne,
say hi to the nice lady.
[HAPPY]
Bonnie, Clemont has told me
how cute and sweet you are.
It's such a pleasure
to finally meet you.
And Clemont's told me
a lot about you.
Always saying how pretty and
nice Professor Eclairisse is.
I think he really,
really likes you.
You're a keeper, so please
take care of my brother.
‐ I'm a keeper?
‐ Right.
You'd be perfect for him,
'cause you're so smart.
‐ Ah! Uh, what?
‐ Oh.
I told you to stop this
a million times.
Aah! I was just
trying to help you. Come on.
But I don't need
that kind of help.
BONNIE
'Come on, Clemont, please?'
[laughing]
[AMUSED]
A school for studying
Electric‐type Pokémon?
[AMAZED]
Yeah. It's in
the middle of town.
See, Clemont
was a student there.
‐ 'Wow, no joke?'
‐ Nope.
Look. There it is.
Would you all like
to come have a look?
‐ Cool. Is that okay?
‐ Of course, it is.
[gasps]
[EXCITED]
'Here at our school,
Trainers travel here'
'from all over to learn
everything they can'
'about Electric‐type Pokémon.'
Our students specialize
in researching the biology
and behaviors
of Electric‐type Pokémon.
ECLAIRISSE
'Their studies extend to Pokémon
of other types as well.'
'As part of this research,
they learn all about'
'how people and Pokémon can
and should coexist in harmony.'
[all gasping]
ECLAIRISSE
'Many great Trainers have
gone on to be very successful'
'after leaving this school.'
But Clemont is one of the most
notable graduates of all.
Come on. I think
you're exaggerating a bit.
No way. You're amazing.
Yup, you keep coming up
with these totally incredible
inventions that always
blow up in the end.
[giggling]
They call you
the Electric‐type Whiz Kid
all around Lumiose City,
don't they?
I know your father
calls you that too.
Your father?
[gasps]
SERENA
'That's Meyer, right?'
You see, it was
my father who told me
I needed to go to this school.
"Meet lots of Pokémon Trainers
and make lots of friends.
Study hard and broaden
your horizons."
He told me to do that
and off I went.
So, how did it work out?
Did you make lots of friends?
[CURIOUS]
Mm‐hmm, I made friends with
all kinds of great students
and Pokémon too.
But all that studying
and research
was tough, to say the least.
The curriculum here
is quite rigorous.
It's a challenge to do the work
and make it all the way
to graduation.
Yes, and my graduation research
was particularly tough.
Graduation research?
I studied the power
of Electric‐type Pokémon
and how the power of science
can build the future.
That was my major focus.
I recall you did struggle
with that.
You said you couldn't come up
with any good topics.
Right, so I used to go for walks
and try to clear my mind.
That's when I met you‐know‐who.
Huh? A Shinx.
[WEAK]
[gasping]
[grunts]
Oh, yeah, the Pokémon Center.
[panting]
Thanks so much for waiting.
This Shinx
was completely exhausted
so it took an exceptional
amount of time to recover.
[HAPPY]
Ah. What a relief.
I've seen this more times
than I can count.
It appears to have something to
do with the local environment.
If only there were a place
where these Pokémon could easily
absorb electrical energy..
A place where they could easily
That's it. I've come up
with a great idea, Shinx.
[laughs]
[CURIOUS]
I'll collect
the power generated
by the school's Pokémon
store it in a battery
send it by cables
throughout the town
and make an electricity shower
for Electric types.
I'll call it
the Clemontic Shower.
[chuckling]
I can just see it.
The future is now,
thanks to science.
[knocking on window]
Huh? Shinx.
[chuckles]
Here. See this?
With my new system,
you'll be able to absorb
all that electricity
I know you love so much.
[HAPPY]
I wanna make a town where
Electric‐types can live happily.
No, a world where
all Pokémon can live happily.
That would be
my dream come true.
Shinx, you'd live there,
now, wouldn't you?
Huh?
[EXCITED]
That's how I completed my
graduate research project.
The electrical transmission
system that Clemont invented
was well received
not only by the school
but by the entire town's
population as well.
What a great story.
That's the very first time
I heard Clemont
talk about Shinx.
[AGREEMENT]
Fascinating.
So, this town has an ample
supply of electrical energy.
In that case, let's steal
every last bit of that energy
for ourselves.
Since electricity isn't cheap,
we could make a fortune
selling it to chumps
or if we gave it to the Boss.
He'd be shocked but happy.
[AGREEMENT]
[CURIOUS]/[CAUTIOUS]
[gasping]
That was a close one.
Dropping pliers could've been
bad for your health.
[AGREEMENT]
I wonder what that Luxio was
doing wandering around here?
Not sure
but we'd better hurry up.
If you control electricity,
you control the world.
Our ticket
to a high‐voltage future.
Right, we can lure Pikachu in
using the stolen electricity
and then we'll catch it.
Perfect.
And goal!
Yay!
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Huh?
‐ Please excuse us.
This is the system control room
I designed myself.
Clemont. What a nice surprise.
I'm sorry to barge in
but I was wondering
may I show
all my friends around?
Of course.
It's no problem at all.
[all gasp]
Status report.
There's a problem with
the transmission cables.
‐ 'Near the transformer.'
‐ Transformer?
That doesn't sound good.
Just what are you
referring to?
WORKER A
'Well, uh, the thing is,
a wild Pokémon'
'has been making
its home there.'
‐ Wild Pokémon?'
‐ 'Yes.'
When we approach, it attacks.
So we're kind of at a loss.
It's okay.
I'll go and have a look.
‐ Please, let me come with you.
‐ Yeah, I'll go too.
[AGREEMENT]
Since you're the designer
we value your opinions.
Give us some feedback.
I want you to wait here
for me, Bonnie.
Will you keep an eye
on her, please?
Mm‐hmm. Count on me.
[CONCERNED]
It's at the end
of that passageway.
Come on, what's the holdup?
It's a bit trickier
than I thought.
Hey. Who's in there?
[gasps]
Team Rocket.
What are you doing here?
[ANGRY]
I think we'd better
make like a tree and leave!
[AGREEMENT]
[panting]
Stop.
[THREATENING]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/WORKER B
Huh?
[THREATENING]
‐ What Pokémon is that?
‐ A Luxio.
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Luxio.
[APPEARING]
POKEDEX
Luxio. The Spark Pokémon
and the evolved
form of Shinx.
Luxio's sharp claws
conduct electricity
and the slightest scratch
can knock out an opponent.
[ATTACK]
[gasps]
Pikachu, Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Hey, we're not your enemies.
Stop.
You're looking
for the bad guys.
They went that way.
[EXERTION]
[gasps]
Huh? It's you.
[EXERTIONS]
Luxio!
Hmm?
Just great.
It's that pesky Luxio again.
Huh? That's what the science
Twerp was talking about.
Hmm, it looks like
we just might
have to rethink our strategy.
We'll retool,
then send the Twerps back
to Team Rocket school.
[AGREEMENT]
ECLAIRISSE
'Team Rocket?'
They're really bad guys,
who like to steal
other people's stuff
and Pokémon too.
[AGREEMENT]
So they wanna steal
the town's electricity.
Then we're going to have
to stop them.
They're stubborn.
I'm sure they'll be back.
That's for sure.
They've caused an awful lot of
trouble for us in the past.
Right, Clemont?
‐ Clemont, wake up.
‐ Huh?
Yes, right.
They're troublemakers.
Well, hmm, we need
to come up with a plan.
We'll have to be
on full alert.
I'll let Officer Jenny know
what's going on.
There. All pretty now.
[HAPPY]
Okay, Fennekin, you're next.
Clemont? What's bothering you?
[CURIOUS]
Uh, well, I was
just thinking about Shinx.
Oh, Shinx.
You mean that Pokémon you helped
when you went to school here?
It's probably still here
in this town.
[AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT
'I'm sure of it.'
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE
Huh?
I never finished the story
I told you.
It was the day
before my graduation.
Something bad happened.
Shinx and I had a
regular meeting place.
I was on my way
to thank Shinx for the idea
that led me
to my graduation research.
This cake is decorated
with lots of berries
for just the right amount
of sweetness.
There's no doubt Shinx
is going to adore it.
Then I'll ask Shinx
to become my partner.
And travel along with me
back to Lumiose City.
‐ Oh, it's Clemont.
‐ Hello, Mr. Mayor.
I've been looking all over
for you and here you are.
Huh?
We've arranged a very
special dinner for you
to help celebrate
your graduation.
Please, get in.
‐ But, Mr. Mayor‐‐
‐ Quick.
The whole town is waiting
for you at the restaurant.
Time's a‐wasting.
Come on, let's go.
But, but, Mr. Mayor..
Alright.
Uh.
CLEMONT
'Shinx.'
As soon as I could, I hurried
back there after dinner
but Shinx wasn't anywhere
to be found.
And after that,
I never saw Shinx again.
‐ I get it.
‐ Hey.
When Shinx evolves,
it becomes Luxio, right?
So, could that Luxio
possibly be..
Luxio? It evolved?
Maybe it evolved from the Shinx
that was your friend.
Well, maybe I'm wrong.
Remember, that Luxio didn't even
respond to you, Clemont.
CLEMONT
'No. Your hypothesis
is probably correct.'
ASH/BONNIE
Huh?
Yeah, looking into Luxio's
eyes..
No doubt. It's the same Pokémon.
That Luxio has to be my friend
Shinx after it evolved.
No way.
[SHOCKED]
I never showed up
at our meeting place
that day like I promised.
So Shinx must have thought
I abandoned it.
'That's why..'
‐ Huh?
‐ Oh no, it's a blackout.
Clemont, this is awful.
A huge amount of electricity has
been drained from the system.
I'll bet
it's Team Rocket again.
[ANGRY]
[SURPRISED]
[EXERTION]
There's nothing like getting
electricity at no cost.
And what could be
freer than free?
[AGREEMENT]
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
[EXERTION]
Why you little pest.
We've had about enough
out of you.
And that's your cue, Pumpkaboo.
[APPEARING]
Inkay, you too.
I told the townspeople that they
should stay inside their homes
until this whole issue
is solved.
Also according to Officer Jenny,
they found no one below ground.
But where did Team Rocket go?
They were able to drain
all of the town's electricity
at once somehow.
Hey, I've got it.
PUMPKABOO/INKAY
[ATTACK]
Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[panting]
Luxio.
Team Rocket,
there you are.
We won't allow you
to steal any more electricity.
Prepare for trouble,
how pompous is that?
And make it double,
it's tit for tat.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of all your rules.
To shut down the power
on arrogant schools.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a lights‐out fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[AGREEMENT]
[ATTACK]
No way, Inkay.
I call Foul Play.
[FOUL PLAY MOVE]
[PAINED]
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Pikachu, use Electro Ball!
[AGREEMENT]/[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[panting]
Don't worry, Luxio.
Just stay down
and we'll take care of this.
[STRUGGLING]
Why do you insist on
battling with Team Rocket?
[DETERMINED]
Dig this, Luxio wants a town
where all Pokémon
can live happily.
It's protecting the place the
science Twerp helped change.
Where all Pokémon
can live happily? Huh?
I wanna make a town where
Electric‐types can live happily.
No, a world where all Pokémon
can live happily.
That would be my dream
come true.
‐ Ah, Luxio.
‐ The nerve.
‐ How pompous.
‐ Finish this with Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Look out!
[CONCERNED]/[SHOCKED]
Clemont, no.
[groaning]
Thank goodness you're okay.
Hmm.
[AWARE]
[grunting]
[screams]
[groans]
[EXCITED]
[sighs]
[HAPPY]
[CHUCKLE]
[snoring]
[HAPPY]
[sighs]
[GASP]
Huh?
[LICKING]
Huh? Luxio.
We got the juice,
so time to cut loose.
Now, for Pikachu.
You're coming with us
without an excuse.
[AGREEMENT]
[grunts]
Okay, Inkay. Use Psybeam.
Now, Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse.
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[PSYBEAM MOVE]/[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[grunts]
Hmm. Luxio, would you please
stand and battle with me?
[AGREEMENT]
[gasps]
Great. Use Discharge.
[AGREEMENT]/[DISCHARGE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[screaming]
JESSIE
'School's out.'
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again.
WOBBUFFET/INKAY
[AGREEMENT]
We did it. We did it.
We did it.
[cheering]
Luxio.
Hmm. Please, wait.
Luxio, I'd really like you
to come with me.
I remember.
I gave you my word,
then let you down.
But now,
I'll be waiting for you.
At the same place
and at the exact same time.
CLEMONT
'So, if you decide
to come with me'
'meet me in the square.'
Hmm.
I don't see Luxio anywhere.
I guess that means
it's still mad.
[SAD]
Luxio will show up.
We've gotta give it
a little more time.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ No.
‐ Huh?
I guess that Luxio
still hasn't forgiven me
which is all that I deserve.
It's time to go.
If I stay here any longer
it won't be fair
to the rest of you.
Hmm.
Let's get back on the road.
[all groaning]
ECLAIRISSE/ASH/BONNIE/SERENA
Huh?
You came back after all.
Luxio.
[HAPPY]
[all gasping]
Wow. Okay, here goes.
Go Poké Ball.
Alright.
Today's a great day,
thanks to science.
‐ I caught Luxio.
‐ Yay. That's my big brother.
Alright.
Thank you, Luxio.
I won't let you down.
NARRATOR
And so, two old friends reunite
as Luxio becomes the newest
member of our heroes' family
but their quest to meet new
people and new Pokémon
will go on
as the journey continues.